Alright. Yeah. Go ahead. I'm trying yeah. So right now, I'm building out a team of RNs. Okay? So the goal is to, go after plastic surgeons, facial plastics, anyone that's doing elective surgery. Right? Because it's private pay. It's not by insurance. And a lot of these doctors, like Jason Bloom, for example, he does this because that's the kind of surgeon he is. He's, like, top tier. So in his like, him and I were texting last week, actually. So what he does after surgery is he includes twelve hours of private duty nursing. So a nurse on his staff from the OR will take the patient home after surgery, follow his post surgery care plan, feed them, bathe them, change their fucking, you know, pumps or whatever the hell he did to them. Right? Yeah. Then the next day, he has another private duty nurse come in and bring him back to the office for the follow-up care. Alright? Mhmm. The people who don't do that are the ones that probably don't have the bandwidth for it. So they're not like the a plus surgeons, but they're missing the boat. Right? Because then you have these patients that come home, maybe they don't have what's that? Complications. They could have complications. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yep. They have more liability of complications, and it doesn't even look good. Right? So if they could say, like, after your surgery, they build in the price. Hey. Our our nurse is gonna come meet you after your surgery, bring you home for twenty four hours. There's gonna be three shift nurses, each with eight hour shifts, and they're gonna do everything that I tell them to do, and they're gonna bring you up for your post op appointment, reducing all of these little things that could happen that are not good for you, for complications, or for me, for my malpractice, and it makes you stand out as, like, an elite provider. So I need to find the ones that who aren't doing that already and then pitch them what I'm doing to get them to do it with me. So I can make them look good, and they can mark up my services. I charge $90 an hour. That's good. So find the you said find the ones that are doing it already. So tell me more about that. So how how how do you find the ones that are are doing it now? Just by reaching out. Like, I reached out to well, I know that Jason Bloom is doing it because my wife, sat in on, like, a facelift surgery with him, like, last month. And she told me that, about the nursing programs that he's doing, and her and I talked about it. It's like, we don't know if they're doing it until you get in front of them and ask them. Do you know what I mean? They're just not just something they can do on their website. And I'm I'm I'm trying to find a pattern here, so just humor me. But it, but so they're a nurse, so there's gonna be a link between that doctor and that nurse. But other doctors also have, nurses working for them, so it's not the association alone. So you're there's no other is there is there a keyword that they have on their website? Is it concierge care? Is it Yeah. It's I don't know. Is it It could be, like, elite recovery. You know, it could be post surgical private duty nursing. Concierge nursing? Concierge is a concierge is a is a keyword. If you wanna develop a concierge nursing service that connects to surgeons that don't have one in the pencil in the Pennsylvania area and, and market your network of nurses to them. Correct. Okay. Got it. And to do whatever they want. So and they the doctor can even I don't care if they give you the credit. They can you can say they're his nurses. I don't give a shit. Right? And if he wants to mark it up, he can. No. You should not charge it. Any fucking nurses. That's that's that's that's your liability. So you should what you should do, and this is just just spitballing this, is the the nurses are a liability for you. Why the fuck would you want that? Like, you you should what you should be concentrating on is building the network. Right? You what your value is is you you wanna be perceived that you are this, you know, very this national, networking, connecting company. Right? But your value is is that you flip those you flip those those those customers to, the concierge service. So you should be a service seller. You should be a concierge service seller. And then if I were you, like, how much did you spend on salaries last month for the nurses? They can pay $48 an hour, but this is brand new. Like, we're just starting it. So what does that come out to? How much do you zero partners right now. Nothing. Like, we're just starting it. Wait. No. No. My question is a couple. My question is, but your but your business model is is that you're gonna you're gonna where are you gonna make your money? On the on the difference between what the nurses Yeah. So if I'm charging if I'm charging $98 an hour, I pay the nurse 48. Dan House, they make $50 per hour, a nurse does their care. So my margins double what they make on every hour they work. It's just the way they care. If if that's if I'll I'll look into that, but that sure seems fucking messy. And it just by doing it a different way, it it alleviates your initial concern that you shared with me about just interacting with them in the first place. And, why should you have a fucking nursing staff? You should have a you you should have a That's the point. Like, who else is gonna do it then? The point is that you have the service with no with But the service is the people that do it. Right. But they don't exist until you connect them. So right now, if right now, if you have doctor A with with with nurse B, and they're not doing any private concierge. So in comes Dan Townsley, and you've got this fucking hot new fucking concierge program, you say, Hey nurse, still you're still gonna use nurse B, but nurse A, but now I'm gonna link you up to all this this engine that I built, which is going to send patients to you. Like, I think that that's No. But you're missing I think you're missing a key part. The docs don't have the nurses. Oh, I do. Oh, okay. I thought that you said that they already have the staff. No. Some do, like the top tier docs, like The rest don't. So there's a need for someone to do that for them. That's what I'm Oh, okay. Well, that's totally different then. Now I now I understand. Alright. Well, then that's even easier. That's that's Yeah. They just gotta say, Dan, I have a patient, Mary Jane. She's gonna face next week. Here's her number. Here's her care plan. My nurse calls up the patient, introduces himself to help me. You know, through your day of surgery, and I'll bring you home. And my team of nurses will take care of you for twenty four hours on a doctor's care plan, and we'll drive you back for your follow-up. And that's that. Yeah. And then Dan doesn't do anything. I just gotta make sure that that happens. I got it. Yeah. Alright. Well, that that is Like, so I make $50 off of the backs of everybody else doing the work, not me. And they all have their own insurance Got it. All attached to their registered nurses license, not Dan. Got it. Yeah. I'll be able to I'll this is great info. So I'll be able to spin you up, like, a I will Like say you had got like, say you had five doctors and they each gave Dan four cases per week. Right? Mhmm. That's like four hundred hours times 50 that Dan doesn't have to do anything. He just gets paid on. Mhmm. Yeah. Sounds great. That's a per yeah. That's a pretty damn quick, and I don't need that many doctors. You know what I mean? Yeah. No. I like it. I'll, let me I'll I'll and I'll be able to get you some research. So I'm gonna get you I'm not gonna give you anything designed first. First, I'm gonna give you an outline of what I can do. Right? And that will give you a an outline of technical capabilities of of what can be connected, and how this can be It's actually like I think so. Look at it this way. Look at Dan as the sales rep because I am. I'm pitching the doctors on the product I have, which is this concierge nursing thing. It's the same concept except I'm selling a service, not like a dental implant robot. Meaning, like, alright. Right. But what I'm I'll I'll detail out probably how, like, I'll be able to give you, like, a dashboard that will keep all those values, like, real time. You know? And, like, and, like, tell you how that all happens and, like, show you the data that I can put, you know, easily in front of you to make it easier for you to do those things. But before I I dial into the specifics of, like, making that happen and and getting into all that sort of like a general idea of sort of like a rough draft at first. Do you know what else would be cool too? And because I have this web hosting service that does, you know, SEO and all those shit for me, and they do, like, retargeting ads and all that stuff. But what they don't have is kinda like a a lead capture thing. So if somebody goes on my website because they found me and they put in their information, I'd love for there to be, like, a bot that targeted the family, called to found me up, emailed them, texted them about my services instead of having my team who's running around trying to do 20 things at once, answer phone completely. Today, we got 10 or 15 leads, but my team's running around doing all this shit, and you gotta call them back right away. Like, if I could automate that, that'd be huge. Yeah. I mean, the there's two levels of it. There's, an easier, less expensive, text based chatbot, and there's a more expensive, more complicated conversational chatbot. Dude, I will do either one, and if I do, I'm I'm paying for this shit. I'm already paying people to do it, and they're barely able to do it. Alright. Well, let me give let me first see where we are. Let me I wanna I can take what we what we've talked about, and I will, just I wanna understand everything you're trying to do. I have your I have your bot on my website. It's got everything on there. Yeah. What's the website? It's livingcarehomeservices.com. Okay. I can I'll fix it to you. I'll just fill the link. Just got it. Oh, okay. Cool. I'll, but, yeah, I'll I'll I'll I'll put together a report for you. It'll be a report on what I can do. And, and then we'll we'll we'll figure out we'll figure something out. Yeah. I did. I'm all in. And I wanna help you other than this too, man. Yeah. Like, if I can help you push this out to the market, like, fucking sounds fun to me. Yeah. I agree. So let's yeah. Let's, stay in touch. I'll let you know what I come up with. Cool, dude. You know you know how to reach me. Yeah. Still catching up with you. Yeah. Same here. Oh, you said you're moving out of New York. Where do you wanna go? Not sure. Abroad? I need a wife. I need a girlfriend. I need a wife. I need a fucking, like, I need a fucking family. I need a fucking family. That's what I need. And it's, It's tough though, dude, man. Right now, I'm in the thick of it. It's like my wife and I are running around constantly trying to manage everything, start a business, run a business. It's a lot. I know. I I think the grass is always greener, but, yeah. I I would ultimately I I don't. I'm not too particular, but I just need to get away from people. I need to be able to get into a place where there are no others and, leave New York. That that is a necessity. So Well, you're also in the place where there's the most people. The most. And they're they're they're they're they're they're honestly the worst and the best. Really, truthfully. There's some of the most amazing people in the world and there's some of the most absolutely decrepit people that have ever spawned this earth. And, New York City is not for me. No. No. No. I don't I don't fucking want it either, man. But, it is utilitarian. And it it's it's good for me, and it's gonna be a springboard. I think that this I think I'm just about to be launched to the world. I I feel like I have been sort of held back for fifteen years. And I got fucked at CoolSculpting. I got fucked at Miramar. I got fucked at all these places. Dude, dude, I was just saying the same thing to my wife the other day because my son was like, oh, what you know, asking questions. And I'm like, honestly, I've been stressed for a decade. And I told him the same thing you just said based on the verbatim because every company I went to had a shitty product, but I needed to make a living, and I tried my hardest to sell it. And every time, the company fucked you. Yep. I was like, it's not fun. No. And and and what and if you can if you're like the guy like Chris Houston or someone if you can, like, you know, car and it it's it's fair. I mean, if I was running the company, I would probably treat, you know, Houston the same way. You have to treat someone that makes you $5,000,000 better than someone that treats you than someone that makes you $200. Like, I get it. Like, that that fundamentally makes sense to me. But at the same time, I like to even the playing field. So you can be great and you can do have all your fucking shit get get it figured out. But now for the people that, you know, maybe aren't us together and don't have that fucking fast talk like you, now it's time to even the fucking playing field. And that is gonna fucking ignite the world. I think it'll I think it'll You just said it again. You're you're saying all the things that are echoing in my head. Like, nope. I don't understand. If I was a buyer, why would I want a fast talking slick sales rep pitching to me? I tell them to fuck themselves. Like, I have to deal with me or you any day. This is why I'm so understood that solution now Because this is I talk my messaging is not about mass mailing. It's about mass syncing. Okay? It's about finding the holes, the opportunities in your business, and aligning them with the with the, you know, the products that will actually help you. Go, would you, would you think of that? Wow, something, something that actually makes sense, instead of fucking trying to be pushed product by, by fucking sales reps that are fucking retarded, you know what, retard's fine, I'll do the fucking work for you, say this, Okay? And if you're still too stupid, just turn on your fucking phone and record yourself, and if you won't give me the fucking If you won't give me the yes, then I dare you to let me talk to your fucking CEO, because I can promise you I'll make him do it. And now you don't even have a fucking choice. Because then it's like I haven't even begun to assault the CEOs. It's like, alright jackass. Great, great job you're using this, you're a CRM. What's your usage? What would it be like if you got it a 100%? I can do that for you now. But the biggest fuck you is if you didn't do that. What? The biggest fuck you for Jason Golden would be to put this in the hands of sales reps and let them corrupt the the companies and make the companies come to you. That would be the biggest fuck you. Well, I mean, that's that's exactly what I'm doing. I mean, I have unlimited, so I I'm I'm intentionally metering things. So I can I can First of all, I'm not offering conversational chat agents? I'm not offering that. I could do it today. I can clone anyone's voice. I can offer completely conversational conversations that can be had. I probably will, but I'm going to use it as an exclusive. Like, you can't, like, I'm making people sign NDAs, like, I am fucking better than you. And I'm okay with saying that. I know more than any of the companies do and look, if you want the best intel, you need to fucking pay me for it. And, fuck you. I'm done playing games. Like I've been fucked so hard so many times and the hardest time was actually this past one because it was so crazy. Like, I was like, and it wasn't even crazy in terms of things that actually happened, it was more crazy about things that didn't happen, that they say did. Like, I fucking finally sold the fucking guy, I've been working on it for over a fucking year, and this mo- like the whole thing, it just blew my fucking mind. And, and so my first move is gonna be back to them. And say, you know, now you have an opportunity to pay me, but I'm probably gonna give it to your fucking competitor anyway. So, and and and this is these are exactly the stories that fucking Sam Altman, that fucking anyone in those Chatt GPT circles, they need to hear. They need my success. And they don't need it to to because they're they're poor. They need it because, you know, general models, ChatGPT, Gemini, all these models, they exist. You could have built what I just fucking built, but it takes it's a different thing, you it's just different. You know, I don't have fucking kids yelling at me. I've literally been spent for the past twenty hours, six hours sorry, six months since May, I'm not shitting you. I spent around twenty hours a day in a fucking computer coding. Like, and it's it's it's been this I've totally been obsessed. I don't think it's healthy. Things have things have, you know, it's it's not been all good for me, but, I I think that it, it needs to be done. Like, I I I know that this is this is this is the time this is the time for me. This is the time that sales reps are about to, like, literally lose everything. And, I wanna fucking beat the companies, and this is the time to do it I already have more intelligence than they do I have more intelligence just based on the market alone that I haven't shared with anyone than Thompson, Reuters, any aesthetic medical company in the space. That's a business in itself just offering that level of intelligence to them. Right? And I'm not gonna do that. I'm gonna use it as leverage points to get people to either buy out, to get on entire yeah. So we'll see. Hello, dude? Keep me posted. Yeah. I will. Like I said, happy to help. I wanna help. Yeah. But Nothing I've said at all. Yeah. Well, I'll I'll I'll I'll send you, I'll send you an email there. Cool, brother. Send me your email. The last one thing I don't have, or tell me what it is. Just my first initial, last name at the same website. Okay. Living carehomeservices.com. Cool. So dtownsley@livingcarehomeservices.com. Cool. Alright. I'll send you some stuff later. Alright, man. I look forward to chatting more. Sounds good, buddy. Alright, brother. See you.